content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Yujie Zhou"
description: "Yujie Zhou (b. 1997, Chengdu, China) is a visual artist working with  photography, textiles, moving images, performance, and publishing. Zhou is based in Helsinki, Finland, where she completed her Master’s degree in Arts with a major in Photography and a minor in Textiles-Materials and Structures at Aalto University in 2023. Her work has been exhibited internationally, including at the Finnish Museum of Photography, Photographic Centre Peri, Photographic Gallery Hippolyte(Finland), BFoto Festival (Spain), FORMAT Photography Festival (UK), and alpha nova & galerie futura (Germany) as part of Berlin Art Week 2023."

---

[![image of installation](/images/moa23_install.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Panoptic Segmentation</span>***, Installation View at *MoA 23*, **Finnish Museum of Photography**, Finland, 2023

[![image of installation](/images/Hippolyte/hippolyte-23.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Panoptic Segmentation</span>***, Installation View at *QWERTY*, Solo Exhibition at **Photographic Gallery Hippolyte**, Finland, 2023


[![image of E](/images/QWERTY/W/1989-1.png)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/1989-in-translation/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">1989 in Translation</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2022, Single-channel video, color, sound, 4:28 minutes


[![image of T](/images/Hippolyte/hippolyte-saveastext.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/save-as-text/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Save as Text</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*,  2023, Jacquard Weave, Wool and Cotton. Designed and woven by the artist.


[![image](/images/frontpage/flipbook.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/%CF%80/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">π</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2023, Self-Published Artist book, Handmade, Edition of 25, Riso print, 143 x 81 x 12 mm.


[![image](/images/frontpage/calendar-install.JPG)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/lunisolar-calendar/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Lunisolor Calendar</span>***,  from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*,  2022-2023, Performance, Letterpress print on 24 bound sheets of Chinese paper, 69 x 165 cm.


[![image of eclipse](/images/frontpage/eclipse.jpg )](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/eclipse/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Eclipse</span>***,
from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2022, Archival pigment print, 120 x 80 cm.  


[![image of shadow theater](/images/frontpage/theater-3.jpg )](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/shadow-theater/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Shadow Theater</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2022-2023, Archival Pigment Print, Not Framed, Hand-Stitched and Double-Sided, 525 x 25cm.


[![image](/images/frontpage/ladder-3.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/ladder-and-wall/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Ladder and Wall</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2022, Ceramics, 65 x 45 x15 cm.



[![image of us and them](/images/frontpage/us-and-them-1.jpg )](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/us-and-them/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Us and Them</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2023, Self-Published Poster, edition of 150, Riso print, 59.4 x 42 cm. 


[![image of where are you from](/images/QWERTY/E/where-1.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/where-are-you-from/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Where are you from</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2022, Self-Published Photo Book, Handmade, Edition of 20.mRiso print, 186 mm x 126 mm x 7 mm.


[![image of dictionary](/images/frontpage/hippolyte-21.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/dictionary-of-self-censorship/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Dictionary of Self-Censorship </span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2023, On-site Collective Writing Project.


![image of fourwomen](/images/fourwomen_peri/peri.jpg)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Four Women</span>***, Installation View at *Four Women*, Solo Exhibition at **Photographic Centre Peri**, Turku Kunsthall, Finland, 2023


![image of fourwomen](/images/fourwomen_peri/peri2-1.jpg)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Four Women</span>***, Installation View at *Four Women*, Solo Exhibition at **Photographic Centre Peri**, Turku Kunsthall, Finland, 2023

![image of fourwomen](/images/fourwomen_bfoto/Bfoto-6.jpg)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Four Women</span>***,  Installation View at *Four Women*, Solo Exhibition at BFoto Festival, Barbastro, Spain, 2022

Commit message:

update four wo women installation views

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Yujie Zhou"
description: "Yujie Zhou (b. 1997, Chengdu, China) is a visual artist working with  photography, textiles, moving images, performance, and publishing. Zhou is based in Helsinki, Finland, where she completed her Master’s degree in Arts with a major in Photography and a minor in Textiles-Materials and Structures at Aalto University in 2023. Her work has been exhibited internationally, including at the Finnish Museum of Photography, Photographic Centre Peri, Photographic Gallery Hippolyte(Finland), BFoto Festival (Spain), FORMAT Photography Festival (UK), and alpha nova & galerie futura (Germany) as part of Berlin Art Week 2023. instagram:@yujie.jpg"

---

[![image of installation](/images/moa23_install.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Panoptic Segmentation</span>***, Installation View at *MoA 23*, **Finnish Museum of Photography**, Finland, 2023

[![image of installation](/images/Hippolyte/hippolyte-23.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Panoptic Segmentation</span>***, Installation View at *QWERTY*, Solo Exhibition at **Photographic Gallery Hippolyte**, Finland, 2023


[![image of E](/images/QWERTY/W/1989-1.png)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/1989-in-translation/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">1989 in Translation</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2022, Single-channel video, color, sound, 4:28 minutes


[![image of T](/images/Hippolyte/hippolyte-saveastext.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/save-as-text/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Save as Text</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*,  2023, Jacquard Weave, Wool and Cotton. Designed and woven by the artist.


[![image](/images/frontpage/flipbook.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/%CF%80/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">π</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2023, Self-Published Artist book, Handmade, Edition of 25, Riso print, 143 x 81 x 12 mm.


[![image](/images/frontpage/calendar-install.JPG)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/lunisolar-calendar/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Lunisolor Calendar</span>***,  from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*,  2022-2023, Performance, Letterpress print on 24 bound sheets of Chinese paper, 69 x 165 cm.


[![image of eclipse](/images/frontpage/eclipse.jpg )](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/eclipse/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Eclipse</span>***,
from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2022, Archival pigment print, 120 x 80 cm.  


[![image of shadow theater](/images/frontpage/theater-3.jpg )](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/shadow-theater/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Shadow Theater</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2022-2023, Archival Pigment Print, Not Framed, Hand-Stitched and Double-Sided, 525 x 25cm.


[![image](/images/frontpage/ladder-3.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/ladder-and-wall/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Ladder and Wall</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2022, Ceramics, 65 x 45 x15 cm.



[![image of us and them](/images/frontpage/us-and-them-1.jpg )](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/us-and-them/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Us and Them</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2023, Self-Published Poster, edition of 150, Riso print, 59.4 x 42 cm. 


[![image of where are you from](/images/QWERTY/E/where-1.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/where-are-you-from/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Where are you from</span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2022, Self-Published Photo Book, Handmade, Edition of 20.mRiso print, 186 mm x 126 mm x 7 mm.


[![image of dictionary](/images/frontpage/hippolyte-21.jpg)](https://yujiezhou.xyz/panoptic_segmentation/dictionary-of-self-censorship/)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Dictionary of Self-Censorship </span>***, from the series *Panoptic Segmentation*, 2023, On-site Collective Writing Project.


![image of fourwomen](/images/fourwomen_peri/peri.jpg)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Four Women</span>***, Installation View at *Four Women*, Solo Exhibition at **Photographic Centre Peri**, Turku Kunsthall, Finland, 2023


![image of fourwomen](/images/fourwomen_peri/peri2-1.jpg)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Four Women</span>***, Installation View at *Four Women*, Solo Exhibition at **Photographic Centre Peri**, Turku Kunsthall, Finland, 2023


![image of fourwomen](/images/fourwomen-berlin/fourwomen-3.jpg)
Installation View at *I Made You To Find Me* at **Berlin Art Week 2023**, alpha nova & galerie futura, Berlin, Germany, 2023


![image of fourwomen](/images/fourwomen-berlin/fourwomen-1.jpg)
Installation View at *I Made You To Find Me* at **Berlin Art Week 2023**, alpha nova & galerie futura, Berlin, Germany, 2023

![image of fourwomen](/images/fourwomen_bfoto/Bfoto-6.jpg)
***<span style="color: #850000;">Four Women</span>***,  Installation View at *Four Women*, Solo Exhibition at BFoto Festival, Barbastro, Spain, 2022
